c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\SmartHomeProject.dll.config
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\SmartHomeProject.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\SmartHomeProject.pdb
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\DataLibrary.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\DataLibrary.pdb
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\obj\Debug\SmartHomeProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\obj\Debug\SmartHomeProject.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\obj\Debug\SmartHomeProject.pdb
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\andreeaflorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Swashbuckle.Core.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Abp.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Abp.Web.SignalR.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Castle.Facilities.Logging.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Castle.Windsor.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\System.Linq.Dynamic.dll
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Abp.pdb
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Abp.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Abp.Web.SignalR.pdb
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Abp.Web.SignalR.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Castle.Facilities.Logging.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Castle.Windsor.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
C:\Users\AndreeaFlorina\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SmartHomeProject\SmartHomeProject\bin\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
